Update docs for split stdout / stderr Pod logging (#48405)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/split-stdout-stderr.md

Reviewer: Is this right?

Author: oops... let me remove this file

---
title: SplitStdoutAndStderr
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.32"
---

> Allow retrieving either stdout or stderr log stream of the given container.

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
Enable fetching specific log streams (either stdout or stderr) from a container's log streams, using the Pod API.
```
